Dev16.3+ cannot migrate xproj projects (#3379)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/porting/port-migrate-and-upgrade-visual-studio-projects.md

| Type of Project | Support |
| --- | --- |

> | .NET Core projects (xproj) | Projects created with Visual Studio 2015 used preview tooling that included an xproj project file. When you open an xproj file with Visual Studio 2017, you are prompted to migrate the file to the SDK-style csproj format (a backup of the xproj file is made). SDK-style csproj projects are not supported in Visual Studio 2015 and earlier.  The xproj format is not supported in Visual Studio 2017 other than for migration to csproj. Visual Studio 2019 version 16.3 and later are unable to load or migrate xproj projects. For more information, see [Migrating .NET Core projects to the csproj format](/dotnet/core/migration/#visual-studio-2017).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| .NET Core projects (xproj) | Projects created with Visual Studio 2015 used preview tooling that included an xproj project file.<br/><br/>Visual Studio 2017: The xproj format is not supported other than for migration to csproj format. When you open an xproj file, you're prompted to migrate the file to the SDK-style csproj format. (A backup of the xproj file is made.) SDK-style csproj projects are not supported in Visual Studio 2015 and earlier. <br/><br/>Visual Studio 2019: In version 16.3 and later, you cannot load or migrate xproj projects. For more information, see [Migrating .NET Core projects to the csproj format](/dotnet/core/migration/#visual-studio-2017).|
```
